[WIP] Add 4.14 relnotes for token auth via CCO / AWS STS (#66133)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

//link to content in Operator book TBD

[id="console-supports-aws-sts-detection"]
===== OperatorHub support for AWS STS mode

> With this release, OperatorHub detects when a cluster is running on Amazon Web Services (STS) in Security Token Service (STS) mode. When detected, a "Cluster in STS Mode" message displays to provide additional instructions to ensure the Operator runs correctly. The *Operator Installation* page is also modified in this mode to add the required *role ARN* field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this release, OperatorHub detects when a cluster is running on Amazon Web Services (AWS) in Security Token Service (STS) mode. When detected, a "Cluster in STS Mode" message displays with additional instructions to ensure the Operator runs correctly. The *Operator Installation* page is also modified in this mode to add the required *role ARN* field.
```

> With this release, OperatorHub detects when a cluster is running on Amazon Web Services (STS) in Security Token Service (STS) mode. When detected, a "Cluster in STS Mode" message displays to provide additional instructions to ensure the Operator runs correctly. The *Operator Installation* page is also modified in this mode to add the required *role ARN* field.

Reviewer 2: I know they called it a mode in the GUI but would avoid talking about it as a mode outside of that context

```suggestion
With this release, OperatorHub detects when a cluster that is running on Amazon Web Services (AWS) is using the Security Token Service (STS). When detected, a "Cluster in STS Mode" message displays to provide additional instructions to ensure the Operator runs correctly. The *Operator Installation* page is also modified in this mode to add the required *role ARN* field.
```

Or, shorter:

```suggestion
With this release, OperatorHub detects when an Amazon Web Services (AWS) cluster is using the Security Token Service (STS). When detected, a "Cluster in STS Mode" message displays to provide additional instructions to ensure the Operator runs correctly. The *Operator Installation* page is also modified in this mode to add the required *role ARN* field.
```

> With this release, OperatorHub detects when a cluster is running on Amazon Web Services (STS) in Security Token Service (STS) mode. When detected, a "Cluster in STS Mode" message displays to provide additional instructions to ensure the Operator runs correctly. The *Operator Installation* page is also modified in this mode to add the required *role ARN* field.

Author: Yes, that looks like a perfect fit, ty! Was hoping you would know the better wording here. 😅

For more information, see xref:../authentication/understanding-and-managing-pod-security-admission.adoc#security-context-constraints-psa-sync-exclusions_understanding-and-managing-pod-security-admission[Pod security admission synchronization namespace exclusions].

[id="ocp-4-14-auth-cco-sts"]
==== Authentication mode detection and Operator support for cloud providers: AWS STS

> With this release, the Cloud Credential Operator (CCO) can detect when it is running on clusters enabled to use short-term credentials on certain cloud providers. This release adds support for detecting clusters running on Amazon Web Services (AWS) in Secure Token Service (STS) mode.

Reviewer 2: I am not super sure about documenting this part. I think all it's doing with this info is the OLM related stuff. I worry that announcing it as a feature might make it seem like it can be used to do anything else (I have asked dev if it helps with any other task but want to make sure about that)

Author: OK great, was wondering that exactly as well, ty!

Author: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/66133#pullrequestreview-1675023716

> ==== Authentication mode detection and Operator support for cloud providers: AWS STS
> 
> With this release, the Cloud Credential Operator (CCO) can detect when it is running on clusters enabled to use short-term credentials on certain cloud providers. This release adds support for detecting clusters running on Amazon Web Services (AWS) in Secure Token Service (STS) mode.
> 
> In addition to {product-title} cluster components, some Operators managed by Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) on AWS clusters can use manual mode with STS. These Operators authenticate with limited-privilege, short-term credentials that are managed outside the cluster.

Reviewer 2: Maybe just this:

```suggestion
==== OLM-based Operator support for AWS STS

With this release, some Operators managed by Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) on Amazon Web Services (AWS) clusters can use manual mode with the Security Token Service (STS). These Operators authenticate with limited-privilege, short-term credentials that are managed outside the cluster.
```

[id="ocp-4-14-osdk"]
=== Operator development

[id="ocp-4-14-osdk-cco-sts"]
==== Token authentication for Operators on cloud providers: AWS STS

> With this release, Operators managed by Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) can support token authentication when running on Amazon Web Services (AWS) clusters that use the Secure Token Service (STS). The Cloud Credential Operator (CCO) is updated to semi-automate provisioning certain limited-privilege, short-term credentials, provided that the Operator author has enabled their Operator to support AWS STS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this release, Operators managed by Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) can support token authentication when running on Amazon Web Services (AWS) clusters that use the Security Token Service (STS). The Cloud Credential Operator (CCO) is updated to semi-automate provisioning certain limited-privilege, short-term credentials, provided that the Operator author has enabled their Operator to support AWS STS.
```

[id="ocp-4-14-osdk"]
=== Operator development

[id="ocp-4-14-osdk-cco-sts"]
==== Token authentication for Operators on cloud providers: AWS STS

> With this release, Operators managed by Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) can support token authentication when running on clusters on Amazon Web Services (AWS) in Secure Token Service (STS) mode. The Cloud Credential Operator (CCO) is updated to semi-automate provisioning certain limited-privilege, short-term credentials, provided that the Operator author has enabled their Operator to support AWS STS.

Reviewer 2: Same here, wrt "mode"
```suggestion
With this release, Operators managed by Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) can support token authentication when running on clusters on Amazon Web Services (AWS) that use the Secure Token Service (STS). The Cloud Credential Operator (CCO) is updated to semi-automate provisioning certain limited-privilege, short-term credentials, provided that the Operator author has enabled their Operator to support AWS STS.
```
